yes no
or not
you have to walk pink like this even the
cousin sun and good but I'm very good at
this time I bring you another small
the secret place where you will spend
very good and good here they will be able to
tolerate your friends to people who are
are in online mode or the
police or whether they want to escape from
them but good for this is something very
simple we will simply have to come
to this little place that is
here at the airport is in the part
lower left of the airport ok is
a small one like that little beach to say it
well here and the question of the use of
babe and well let's go in good let's go
to climb first that nothing for these
small with pe waves and we will get into
the fucking game that is up here such
left of bike here mere and good
let's try to run as much as
we can do opposite this will make the
click monkey then stumble and fall the
stupid and good as you fall when
it's about lifting the monkey will appear
because inside what they are
these pinches small breakwater or good
small in quotes because they are
pets but good since we are here
simply then let's walk towards the
part of the front and we cross this
wall
and this will make us work for
the saints by doing this well of
map or the airport as if you do not
they want to call and they can walk
fighting his friends here for xosé the
welcome to do other things as
different from what he does these days
be killing people just fucking
neighbor so good I hope you get the
you pass the best here and I hope that then
Share it with your friends, give it a
click on that that you subscribe the
social networks and the channel for more
videos like this remember that today in
noi we are on the twitter channel in
the bottom as is the
small link for you to go and play
with us we stayed to play but
we're going to be doing something like that
you know the cousin sun see you next